feat(nextjs): Detect infinite interstitial redirect loop in middleware (#1324)
clerkinc/javascript: .changeset/soft-snakes-hope.md

---
'@clerk/nextjs': patch
---

> Detect infinite interstitial redirect loop in middleware and throw error to inform the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detect infinite redirect loops when using `authMiddleware` and inform the user about possible resolution steps.
```
